### Mean versus median
The mean and median are both measures of central tendency, but they describe the center of a data set in different ways:

**Mean**: *The mean is what most people refer to as the "average." It's calculated by adding up all the values in a data set and then dividing by the number of values. For example, if you have the numbers `2, 3, and 10`, the mean would be `(2+3+10)/3=5`. The mean is sensitive to extreme values (outliers), so if you have a very large or very small number in your data, it can skew the mean.*

**Median**: *The median is the middle value of a data set when it is ordered from least to greatest. If there is an odd number of values, the median is the middle one. If there is an even number of values, the median is the average of the two middle numbers. For example, with the numbers `2, 3, and 10`, the median is `3`. If the data set were `2, 3, 10, and 12`, the median would be (3+10)/2=6.5. The median is not affected by outliers and skewed data, making it a good measure of central tendency when the data includes extreme values.*

**Problem**
The baseball data is available as a 2D `numpy` array with 3 columns (height, weight, age) and 1015 rows. The name of this `numpy` array is `np_baseball`. After restructuring the data, however, you notice that some height values are abnormally high. Follow the instructions and discover which summary statistic is best suited if you're dealing with so-called outliers. `np_basebal`l is available.
- Create `numpy` array `np_height_in` that is equal to first column of `np_baseball`.
- Print out the mean of `np_height_in`.
- Print out the median of `np_height_in`.
```python
import numpy as np

# Create np_height_in from np_baseball
np_height_in = np.array(np_baseball[:,0])

# Print out the mean of np_height_in
print(np.mean(np_height_in))

# Print out the median of np_height_in
print(np.median(np_height_in))
```
